doc: fix broken links in markdown (#4880)
singularity-data/risingwave: docs/consistent-hash.md

![initial data distribution](./images/consistent-hash/data-distribution.svg)

> Then we have vnode mapping, which ensures that vnodes are mapped evenly to parallel units in the cluster. In other words, the number of vnodes that are mapped to each parallel unit should be as close as possible. This is denoted by different colors in the figure above. As is depicted, we have 3 parallel units (shown as circles), each taking $\frac{1}{3}$ of total vnodes. Vnode mapping is [constructed and maintained by meta](https://github.com/singularity-data/risingwave/blob/91bdbced198642a1e7f1b67321b3cb923aa1fbd8/src/meta/src/manager/hash_mapping.rs).

Author: This files is deleted in #4594. PTAL whether this doc needs to be updated @yezizp2012. Thanks!

Reviewer: Yes 👍🏻, the link should be updated as well.
```suggestion
Then we have vnode mapping, which ensures that vnodes are mapped evenly to parallel units in the cluster. In other words, the number of vnodes that are mapped to each parallel unit should be as close as possible. This is denoted by different colors in the figure above. As is depicted, we have 3 parallel units (shown as circles), each taking $\frac{1}{3}$ of total vnodes. Vnode mapping is [constructed and maintained by meta](https://github.com/singularity-data/risingwave/blob/main/src/meta/src/stream/scheduler.rs).
```
